---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: "Let's start, my name is Romain Claret, it's nice to meet you.\_"
datePublished: '2016-03-16T20:26:30.595Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-16T20:26:22.661Z'
title: About Me
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-16-me.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: me/index.html
_type: Article

---
# About Me

> Since this website is all about me... Why shouldn't I tell you who I am? 
> 

Let's start, my name is **Romain Claret**, it's nice to meet you. 

I am a Computer Scientist, a Technology Fanatic, an Utopist (you can read some of my opinions on this website by the way...), entrepreneurship, and I am inspiring to change the world with amazing innovations! Yeah... That's true, deal with it...

My face looks like this:

This is my face above, yes...

Yes... And I just put my face on the web... How crazy is it? I already can imagine seeing my picture on random websites like \*insert here what pops first in your mind\*... :'-) Anyway, let's talk about what I can do... 

I can **cook**...

I guess it's not the kind of information you were looking for... But just in case... The reason is that I love food, that easy...

My studies and interests allowed me to have a pretty interesting set of skills. Just to name a few: Web/Software **Development**, **Networks** (the computer type), **Security**, **Math**/**Physics** (let's say that I know a little more than the average...), **Project****Management**, some basic **Entrepreneurship** (yeah, I already started to build a startup in parallel with my studies, I finally decided to put it on standby and focus on my diploma)...

I can then play some roles: ****Web/Software Developer, ******Technology Consultant, ****Project Manager, **or even ******Network/Security Manager**

So... If you are looking for someone like _me_... You can also check out my [**portfolio**][0] and/or **[contact me][1]** :)

Oh! I almost forgot!! I have a [**Linkedin**][2] account! Check me out on it for a more **_professional_** presentation of myself! :-p

To end this beautiful monolog. The following is the latest version of my _CV_. (Did I forgot to mention that I love creativity!) [**PDF**][3]

_EOT_

[0]: http://romainclaret.com/portfolio
[1]: mailto:contact@rocla.ch
[2]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/romainclaret
[3]: https://www.dropbox.com/s/yu9w4utewisdpzz/romain-claret-cv-2016.pdf